Regenerate docs in master (#421)
microsoft/react-native-windows-samples: docs/IReactContext-api-windows.md

- Use the [`Properties`](#properties-1) to share native module's data with other components.
- Use the [`Notifications`](#notifications) to exchange events with other components.
- Use [`CallJSFunction`](#calljsfunction) to call JavaScript functions, and [`EmitJSEvent`](#emitjsevent) to raise JavaScript events.
- Use [`UIDispatcher`](#uidispatcher) to post asynchronous work in the UI thread.
- Use [`JSDispatcher`](#jsdispatcher) to post asynchronous work in the JavaScript engine thread.

## Properties
### JSDispatcher
`readonly`  [`IReactDispatcher`](IReactDispatcher) `JSDispatcher`

Gets the JavaScript engine thread dispatcher.
It is a shortcut for the [`ReactDispatcherHelper.JSDispatcherProperty`](ReactDispatcherHelper#jsdispatcherproperty) from the [`Properties`](#properties-1) property bag.

### JSRuntime
`readonly`  Object `JSRuntime`

Gets the JavaScript runtime for the running React instance.
It can be null if Web debugging is used.

> **Node: do not use this property directly. It is an experimental property that may be removed or changed in version 0.65.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note: do not use this property directly. It is an experimental property that may be removed or changed in version 0.65.
(realize will need to be fixed in the original, but still calling out errors as I see them)
```
